Jump to content
Asia Edition
Subscribe now
Log in / Register
Independent
Investing
Bulletin

News
News
Sport
Sport
Voices
Voices
Culture
Culture
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
IndyBest
IndyBest
Deals
Deals
Travel
Travel
More
More

AsiaEast Asia
The pressure of South Korea’s celebrity culture as a new case raises questions
The harsh glare of media attention and the often-unforgiving nature of online commentary are increasingly being questioned

Juwon Park
Thursday 03 April 2025 14:25 BST

Japan goes K-pop crazy
On The Ground
On The Ground newsletter: Get a weekly dispatch from our international correspondents
Email

I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our privacy policy
A tragic suicide and accusations of an underage relationship have ignited a controversy within the Asian entertainment industry, raising concerns about the intense public scrutiny faced by celebrities, particularly during times of personal crisis.

The harsh glare of media attention and the often-unforgiving nature of online commentary are increasingly being questioned as contributing factors to the pressures faced by young stars.

This week, actor Kim Soo-hyun vehemently denied allegations of a relationship with the late actor Kim Sae-ron when she was a minor.


Kim Soo-hyun's emotional press conference follows Kim Sae-ron's suicide in February, which reignited allegations that they were romantically involved.

Here’s what we know about the case.

RECOMMENDED
Val Kilmer’s family say star was bedbound in the years leading up to his death
Val Kilmer’s cause of death revealed by daughter of Top Gun star
25세 미만의 로봇 매니아는 이 게임을 플레이하지 않는 것이 좋습니다.
기계 경기장
|
Sponsored
"틀니 말고 임플란트! 인천에서 33만원으로 가능한 이유는?"
플란치과
|
Sponsored
Powered by Taboola
Who was Kim Sae-ron?
Kim Sae-ron
open image in gallery
Kim Sae-ron (AP)
Kim Sae-ron was once one of South Korea's most promising film stars. She began acting at age 9 in the 2009 film “A Brand New Life,” which premiered at the Cannes Film Festival. She gained further recognition with “The Man from Nowhere” (2010) and “A Girl at My Door” (2014), also invited to Cannes.

Her career halted in May 2022 after she crashed her car in Seoul while driving under the influence. Despite offering a public apology and reportedly paying compensation to shops that lost power because of the crash, she faced relentless negative attention.

Media and online commentators scrutinised her personal life. YouTube gossip channels accused her of exaggerating financial difficulties and questioned her sincerity. Critics, and her family, say it contributed to her declining mental health.

She died by suicide on 16 February, Kim Soo-hyun's birthday.

Who is Kim Soo-hyun and what is he accused of?
(Pictured in 2014) Kim Soo-hyun's career has faced significant damage in the wake of the controversy
open image in gallery
(Pictured in 2014) Kim Soo-hyun's career has faced significant damage in the wake of the controversy (Getty Images)
Kim Soo-hyun, 37, also has been one of South Korea’s most recognized actors, known for dramas such as “My Love from the Star” (2013) and “Queen of Tears” (2024) as well as films like “The Thieves” (2012) and “Secretly, Greatly” (2013).

Speculation about a relationship with Kim Sae-ron began last year when she posted a photo of them together, quickly deleted. Gold Medalist, the agency co-founded by Kim Soo-hyun, denied the relationship, according to South Korean media.

Days after Kim Sae-ron’s death, a YouTube channel known for its politically charged content, HoverLab, alleged that she and Kim Soo-hyun had been in a six-year romantic relationship beginning in 2015, when she was 15 and he was in his late 20s. The channel released what it called evidence including photos, videos and letters. Kim Soo-hyun has called them fabricated.

Kim Sae-ron’s family had approached HoverLab to release the materials, calling it an attempt to restore Kim Sae-ron’s image.

On March 27, a lawyer representing Kim Sae-ron’s family presented to journalists what the family claimed was a photo of an undelivered letter written in 2024 in which Kim Sae-ron described Kim Soo-hyun as her “first and last love” and referenced a five-to-six-year relationship.

The letter was written after she failed to reach Kim Soo-hyun to discuss a debt she owed his agency, according to the lawyer. After Kim Sae-ron's contract ended and wasn't renewed, the agency asked her to pay back 700 million won (about $520,000) in damages related to her drunk-driving case. Her family says the demand placed severe pressure on her.

Kim Soo-hyun has acknowledged that he dated Kim Sae-ron but insisted their relationship began after she became an adult. He called claims of an underage relationship false and damaging.

“It is also not true that the deceased made a tragic choice because of my avoidance (of her), or because my agency pressured her about debt," an emotional Kim told Monday’s press conference.

He refused to answer a question about when he first met Kim Sae-ron.

Could there be legal consequences?
Whether any laws were broken depends largely on timing. South Korea raised its age of sexual consent from 13 to 16 in 2020. Kim Sae-ron was born in 2000, and the family alleges the relationship began in 2015, when she was 15 and Kim Soo-hyun was 27.

Kim Soo-hyun maintains that their relationship lasted from summer 2019 to fall 2020, when Kim Sae-ron was a legal adult.

Kim Soo-hyun's agency has taken legal action against the family of Kim Sae-ron and HoverLab, which first aired the underage relationship claims, for distributing private photos and videos of the actor, including images of Kim Soo-hyun kissing the late actor. Kim’s agency said Kim Sae-ron had visited his apartment and his family was present. The agency said they were not dating at the time.

On Monday, Kim Soo-hyun's lawyer announced a civil lawsuit seeking 12 billion won (approximately $8.15 million) in damages against the YouTube channel and Kim Sae-ron's family, along with criminal complaints alleging defamation and violation of privacy laws. Kim Soo-hyun and his agency also sued the YouTube channel operator for stalking.

The family’s legal representative and HoverLab both said on Wednesday that they plan to sue Kim Soo-hyun and his agency for making false claims about his relationship with the late actor.

What role did online harassment play?
Kim’s death reignited criticism of South Korea’s relentless tabloid and digital media culture. Her family has singled out videos with speculative, unverified content portraying her as emotionally unstable and morally questionable.

Suing for defamation is often a lengthy, costly battle for South Korean celebrities, as many platforms, like YouTube, are based overseas. Punishments are typically light, with fines or suspended sentences.

Other high-profile cases following negative online attention have included the deaths of K-pop singers Sulli and Goo Hara in 2019 and “Parasite” actor Lee Sun-kyun in 2023.

What’s the fallout?
Fashion brand Prada has ended its collaboration with Kim Soo-hyun. South Korean cosmetics company Dinto terminated its one-year contract with him, citing the seriousness of the controversy. 7-Eleven Taiwan cancelled a Kim Soo-hyun fan event last month, citing schedule changes.

RECOMMENDED
The curious unravelling of Virginia Giuffre and why the plot thickens every day
Amandaland actor Peter Serafinowicz splits from TV star wife of 23 years
팀에 합류하고 팔찌를 받아보세요
유니세프
|
Sponsored
가상화폐 3개이상 가지고 있다면 '이렇게'해라
크립토시그널
|
Sponsored
Powered by Taboola
An online petition this week calling for the age of consent to be raised from 16 to 19 has gathered nearly 40,000 signatures on the National Assembly’s website.

Suggested reforms in South Korea meant to discourage harsh online comments have not been passed.

More aboutSouth KoreaYouTubeCelebritiesSuicide
Promoted stories
이 게임은 쉽고 무료로 플레이할 수 있지만 잊기 어렵습니다
레이드 섀도우 레전드|Sponsored
단 3%만이 레벨 8을 통과할 수 있습니다. 과연 해적을 물리칠 수 있을까요?
500개 이상의 화려한 퍼즐 레벨을 잠금 해제하세요! 섬에 숨겨진 보물을 찾아보세요. 지금 클릭하고 모험을 시작하세요!
Stormshot|Sponsored
게이머가 아닌 사람들조차 이 RPG 게임에 푹 빠졌어요.
RAID: Shadow Legends|Sponsored
32세 이상의 사람들이 이 게임을 하는 이유
무료로 플레이해 보십시오!
Sea of Conquest|Sponsored
최고급 타이어 4짝, 월 5천원에 전부 교체해드려요
제휴카드 이용하면 월 5,000원에 타이어 4짝 전부 교체해드리고, 추가로 30만원 상당 특급혜택까지 드려요
넥센타이어 렌탈|Sponsored
대한민국 투자 고수들은 코인투자 '이렇게' 하고있다.
가상화폐 분석자료 무료 제공해주는 기업 화제
코인시그널|Sponsored
보청기 생김새 궁금한 삼산동 주민들은 여기 보세요. 무료 청력 검사받고 보청기 체험 가능
히어닷컴|Sponsored
밈코인 매수 타이밍 놓쳤다면 '이것' 해라.
가상화폐 분석자료 무료 제공해주는 기업 화제
오토크립토|Sponsored
news
New Zealand banned phones in schools 12 months ago. Here’s what happened
news
Woman finally identified one year after body found in river
culture
Val Kilmer’s family speaks out for the first time after his death at age 65
We’re getting the ‘manosphere’ all wrong – and here’s why
Young men have been social scapegoats for generations, writes Saul Parker, but we’re missing why they turn to misogynistic content – to escape the situation they find themselves in
Promoted by Independent Premium|Sponsored
새로운 재테크 찾는다면 '코인재테크' 시작하세요
가상화폐 분석자료 무료 제공해주는 기업 화제
나우투자그룹|Sponsored
일상에서 소극적인 태도는 버려라! 게임에서는 주먹을 날려라!
끝없는 강호를 모험하고,빠르고 강력한 일격으로 적을 쓰러뜨려라! 한 편의 무협 영화 같은 그래픽과 역동적인 전투 시스템!
무신전설 ApesGame|Sponsored
lifestyle
Sir Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster ‘heartbroken’ after death of family member
culture
John Lennon’s son Sean brutally hits out at Snow White star Rachel Zegler
생일 선물 걱정 끝내려면? 진심 담긴 이벤트 농꾸
지금 바로 농심몰에서 구매 가능!
농심몰|Sponsored
news
Sutton Hoo helmet’s origin story challenged by discovery from metal detectorist

Most Popular
Grand National odds 2025: Latest Grand National betting and trends
Grand National odds 2025: Latest Grand National betting and trends
The 10 early signs of Parkinson’s you might not know about
The 10 early signs of Parkinson’s you might not know about
Hundreds of passengers fall ill amid norovirus outbreak on cruise
Hundreds of passengers fall ill amid norovirus outbreak on cruise
Discovery of garden beneath Jesus’ burial site backs Biblical account
Discovery of garden beneath Jesus’ burial site backs Biblical account
Kurt Russell delights fans at reunion with iconic co-star
Kurt Russell delights fans at reunion with iconic co-star
Popular videos
Russell Brand responds to rape and sexual assault charges
Russell Brand responds to rape and sexual assault charges
Camilla admires ‘lovely’ Easter egg installed at Buckingham Palace
Camilla admires ‘lovely’ Easter egg installed at Buckingham Palace
Gaza school sheltering displaced families reduced to rubble
Gaza school sheltering displaced families reduced to rubble
Nine-year-old hopes to be lucky charm for Grand National runner
Nine-year-old hopes to be lucky charm for Grand National runner
FPL Gameweek 31 preview: News, injuries, suspensions, fixtures, picks and analysis
FPL Gameweek 31 preview: News, injuries, suspensions, fixtures, picks and analysis
Are tattoos illegal in Japan? TikToker gets turned away from hotels for having ink on show
Are tattoos illegal in Japan? TikToker gets turned away from hotels for having ink on show
Sir David Attenborough reflects on almost being 99 in new documentary trailer
Sir David Attenborough reflects on almost being 99 in new documentary trailer
Archaeologists are too scared to open up the tomb of China’s first emperor
Archaeologists are too scared to open up the tomb of China’s first emperor
by Taboola
Promoted Links
많은 노인이 나이에 따라 자동차 보험에 가입할 수 있다는 사실을 모르고 있습니다! (여기에서 알아보세요)
Local Plan
"렛츠팡팡"어린이 TV예능 출연자 모집 [지금 신청]
렛츠팡팡
카니발 역대 최다 출고 장기렌트 계약자가 대다수 차지해
오토포스트
2025년에 가상화폐 투자는 '이렇게' 하세요. 
위드투자그룹
미국복권 한방이면, 세계갑부 등극?!?!
파워로또코리아
카니발 장기렌트 월 22만원~ 거품 쭉 빠졌다
드라이브인사이드
Sponsored Features

M&S has just launched their spring fashion collection - here are the pieces we love

Teach your children to spend responsibly and save with GoHenry

Discover Dr. Barbara Sturm’s new CERAMIDE DROPS FACE OIL – and experience a skin barrier boost with every drop

Welcome metabolic wellness and smarter appetite control with Feel Pro Metabolic

Book your dream holiday to Cyprus from just £208 with On the Beach
Get in touch
Contact us
Our Products
Subscribe
Register
Newsletters
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
Other publications
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
Extras
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
Legal
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement